listening to a life-impacting message preached by Bishop Richard Iey.
Bishop Richard Iey is the pastor of the First Love Church London, a denomination founded by Bishop Dag Hewitt Mills.
The First Love Church is full of zealous young people who love and desire to work for the Lord.
You will be encouraged and uplifted as you listen to this powerful message.
Welcome to First Love Church, the best place to be on a Sunday.
I am so excited to what God has in store for us this week.
There are going to be amazing administrations from the Dancing Stars, Film Stars, Greater Love Choir and so many more.
We will then hear life-changing preaching from our pastor, Bishop Richard Iey, who has been blessing us with powerful and relatable preaching every single week and I know this week is going to be even better.
Like and comment, we would love to hear what is blessing you.
Without further ado, let's go straight into the service.
So I'm very, very excited also for today's service.
We are having our carol service and we have a very, very special group in our midst.
A group that we don't typically see on a Sunday.
They're an exclusive group.
Are you ready to hear from that group?
Then I want you to put your hands together as we begin and welcome the choral stars.
The first scripture reading will be taken from Genesis chapter 3 verse 8 to 15.
And they heard the voice of the Lord God walking in the garden in the cool of the day.
And Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the Lord God amongst the trees in the garden.
And the Lord God called unto Adam
and said unto him, Where art thou?
And he said, I heard thy voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked, and I hid myself.
And he said, Who told thee that thou wast naked?
Hast thou eaten of the tree?
Whereof I commanded thee that thou shouldest not eat?
And the man said,
The woman whom thou gave us to be with me, she gave me of the tree, and I did eat.
And the Lord God said unto the woman, what is this that thou hast done?
And the woman said, the serpent beguiled me, and I did eat.
And the Lord God said unto the serpent, because thou hast done this, thou art cursed
above all cattle and above every beast of the field.
Upon thy belly shall thou go, and dust shall thou eat for all the days of thy life.
And I will put enmity between thee and the women, and between thy seed and her seed.
It shall bruise thy head, and thou shall bruise his hill.
May the Lord add his blessing to the reading of his holy word.
Our second scripture reading is taken from Genesis 22 verses 13 to 18.
And Abraham lifted up his eyes and looked, and behold, behind him a ram caught in a thicket by his horns.
And Abraham went and took the ram and offered him up for a burnt offering in the stead of his son.
And Abraham called the name of the place Jehovah Jairah, as it is said to this day, in the mount of the Lord, it shall be seen.
And the angel of the Lord called unto Abraham out of heaven,
the second time, and said, by myself have I sworn, saith the Lord, for because thou hast done this thing and has not withheld thy son, thine only son, that in blessing I will bless thee, and in multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the stars of the heaven, and as the sand which is upon the sea shore, and thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemies.
And in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed, because thou hast obeyed my voice.
May the Lord add his blessings to the reading of his holy word.
Bum, bum, bum.
The third scripture reading will be taken from Isaiah chapter nine, verse two and six and seven.
The people that walked in the darkness have seen a great light.
They that dwell in the land of the shadow of death, upon them hath the light shined.
For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given.
And the government shall be upon his shoulder, and his name shall be called Wonderful, Counselor, the Mighty God, the Everlasting Father, the Prince of Peace.
Of the increase of his government and peace, there shall be no end.
Upon the throne of David and upon his kingdom, to order it, to establish it with judgment,
and with justice from henceforth even forever.
The zeal of the Lord of hosts will perform this.
May the Lord add his blessing to the reading of his holy word.
Do you like it?
Are you sure?
How many of you feel like you should be up there or you could be up there?
Okay, some of the hands need to go down.
I was just making conversation.
Okay, don't push it.
Amen.
Heavenly Father, we thank you for this opportunity to give our God.
Pray that as we've sewn into your household, God.
That you will sew back into our lives.
Bless us in the name of Jesus we pray.
Amen.
Are you being blessed by the verses that are being shared with us during this beautiful time?
Yes?
You like the word of God?
Okay.
So let's welcome our sister Dami to give us our next scripture reading.
Our fourth scripture reading is taken from Isaiah chapter 11 verses one to nine.
And there shall come forth a rod out of the stem of Jesse, and a branch shall grow out of his roots.
And the spirit of the Lord shall rest upon him, the spirit of wisdom and understanding, the spirit of counsel and might, the spirit of knowledge and of the fear of the Lord, and shall make him of quick understanding in the fear of the Lord.
and he shall not judge after the sight of his eyes, neither approve after the hearing of his ears, but with righteousness shall he judge the poor, and approve with equity for the meek of the earth, and he shall smite the earth with the rod of his mouth, and with the breath of his lips shall he slay the wicked, and righteousness shall be the girdle of his loins, and faithfulness the girdle of his reins.
The wolf also shall dwell with the lamb.
And the leopard shall lie down with the kids.
And the calf and the young lion and the fatling together.
And the little child shall lead them.
And the cow and the bear shall feed.
Their young one shall lie down together.
And the lion shall eat straw like the ox.
And the sucking child shall play on the hole of the asp.
And the weaned child shall put his hand on the cockatrice's den.
They shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain, for the earth shall be full of the knowledge of the Lord as the waters cover the sea.
May the Lord add His blessings to the reading of His holy words.
Our fifth scripture reading is taken from Luke chapter one, verses 28 to 38.
And the angel came in onto her and said, Hail, thou that art highly favored, the Lord is with thee, blessed art thou among women.
And when she saw him, she was troubled at his saying and cast in her mind what manner or salutation this should be.
And the angel said onto her, Fear not, Mary,
For thou hast found favor with God, and behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb and bring forth a son, and shall call his name Jesus.
He shall be great, and shall be called the son of the highest, and the Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David.
And he shall reign over the house of Jacob forever, and of his kingdom there shall be no end.
Then Mary said unto the angel, how shall this be seen I know not a man?
And the angel answered and said unto her, the holy ghost shall come upon thee, and the power of the highest shall overshadow thee.
Therefore also that holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the son of God.
And behold, thy cousin Elizabeth, she have also conceived the son in her old age.
And this is the sixth month with her who was called barren, for with God nothing shall be impossible.
And Mary said, behold, the handmaid of the Lord, be it unto me according to thy word, and the angel departed from her.
May the Lord add his blessings to the reading of his holy word.
Our sixth scripture reading is taken from Matthew chapter one verse 18 to 23.
Now the birth of Jesus Christ was on this wise when as his mother Mary was espoused to Joseph before they came together she was found with child of the Holy Ghost then Joseph her husband being a just man
and not willing to make her a public example was minded to put her away privily.
But while he thought of these things, behold, the angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a dream, saying, Joseph, thou son of David, fear not to take onto thee Mary thy wife, for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost.
And she shall bring forth a son, and thou shalt call his name Jesus, for he shall save his people from their sins.
Now all this was done, that it might be fulfilled, which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet saying, behold, a virgin shall be with child, and shall bring forth a son, and they shall call his name Emmanuel, which being interpreted
is God with us.
May the Lord add his blessing to his holy word.
around for ages.
Let's face it, nothing's going on.
We've had this prophecy about this stuff for years.
To be honest, I'm tired of all this astronomy and sky scanning.
It doesn't pay enough either, not when these secular magicians keep undercutting us.
Oh, but it's far too early to give up.
Have you forgotten that the scripture say, and there
A star shall come from Jacob and a scepter shall rise out of Israel.
Trust you to know that off by heart, buffing.
You were always top of the class, ever since primary school.
And you were always on top of the class, running across the roof, always causing trouble.
Look.
I know they've called us wise men, but still I don't quite understand what this trip is about.
There shall come a star out of Jacob.
But who is Jacob anyway?
And why didn't he give us a map?
Sometimes I wonder if they confuse your scores on the wisdom exam with somebody else.
It's about
about the Messiah coming for the people of Israel.
Someone special will come out of the house of Jacob, Israel, and change things for the people.
That's why we're so excited.
Tonight is about a star from the heavens welcoming a new star on earth.
I could have been a star, you know.
I mean, I've got a great set of lungs and a great vibrato.
Just listen.
Let's not lose focus.
We're here to find the star as written in the prophecy and then find and worship the newborn king.
That's all good and well done.
We can't just show up.
I hope some of you sorted out some gifts.
I was busy fixing the telescope, which is broken.
I say, you know, I couldn't... You never contribute to anything.
You're really a tight wad.
Well, thankfully, I've put everything in order because he's a king.
I've ensured we present him with gold.
Gold.
You couldn't bring a map, but you managed to bring a bar of gold.
Oh, behave.
I also dress it up some frankincense, which is symbolic of his belonging to the deity.
I thought frankincense was something to do with aromatherapy.
I thought frankincense was a type of Egyptian perfume.
And finally, Mer, to symbolize his death for people like you and I.
This king is coming to save the world, but he will be born
to die.
Well, that escalated quickly.
And things have just escalated further.
Look, isn't that the star we've been looking for all this time?
That's the moon you tied towards.
No, that's the moon.
Look,
where the clouds are clearing.
There's a light rising.
Well, that's it then.
It's really happening.
Get your gifts together pals.
We're going to see the Savior.
Still without a map.
Who needs a map when we have this?
O night divine, this is a holy night.
The stars are brightly shining.
This is the day that Jesus Christ is born.
Let's follow the star.
Follow the star.
See, I told you to come eventually.
Let's go, let's go.
Scripture reading is taken from Luke chapter 2 verses 1 to 8 and it came to pass in those days that there went out a decree from Caesar Augustus that all the world should be taxed and this taxing was first made when Serenius was governor of Syria and all went to be taxed everyone into his own city and Joseph also went up from Galilee out of the city of Nazareth into Judea onto city of David which is called Bethlehem
because he was of the house and lineage of David, to be taxed with Mary, his espoused wife, being great with child.
And so it was that while they were there, the days were accomplished that she should be delivered.
And she brought forth her firstborn son and wrapped him in swaddling clothes and laid him in a manger because there was no room for them in the inn.
And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field, keeping watch over their flock by night.
May the Lord add his blessing to the reading of his holy word.
Our eighth scripture reading is taken from Matthew 2.1 to 11.
Now, when Jesus was born in Bethlehem of Judea, in the days of Herod the King,
Behold, there came wise men from the east to Jerusalem, saying, where is he that is born king of the Jews?
For we have seen his star in the east and I'll come to worship him.
When Herod the king had heard these things, he was troubled and all Jerusalem with him.
And when he had gathered all the chief priests and scribes of the people together, he demanded of them where Christ should be born
And they said unto him, in Bethlehem of Judea, for thus it is written by the prophet.
And thou Bethlehem, in the land of Judah, art not the least among the princes of Judah, for out of thee shall come a governor that shall rule my people Israel.
Then Herod, when he had privately called the wise men, inquired of them diligently what time the star appeared.
And he sent them to Bethlehem,
and said, go and search diligently for the young child and when he is found bring me word again that I may come and worship also.
When they had heard the king they departed and lo the star which they saw in the east went before them till it came and stood over where the young child was.
When they saw the star they rejoiced with exceeding great joy
And when they would come into the house, they saw the young child with Mary, his mother, and fell down and worshiped him.
And when they had opened their treasures, they presented onto him gifts, gold and frankincense and myrrh.
May the Lord add his blessing to the reading of his.
taken from John chapter 1 and verse 1 to 14.
In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God.
The same was in the beginning with God.
All things were made by him and without him was not anything made that was made.
In him was life and the life was the light of men and the light shineth in darkness
and the darkness comprehended it not.
There was a man sent from God whose name was John.
The same came for a witness to bear witness of the light that all men through him might believe.
He was not that light but was sent to bear witness of that light.
That was the true light which lighteth every man that cometh into the world.
He was in the world and the world was made by him.
and the world knew him not.
He came unto his own, and his own received him not.
But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name, which were born not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God.
And the word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, and we beheld his glory
the glory as of the only begotten of the Father, full of grace and truth.
May the Lord add his blessing to the reading of his holy words.
Okay, let us pray.
Father, thank you for your blessing today.
Thank you for this blessed opportunity to hear your word.
Please add your blessing to your word.
Anoint your words, heal us, save us, deliver us, give us light and give us direction as we hear your word in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Oh, shout a big amen.
God bless you.
Take your seats and let there be light.
Hallelujah.
The church without dancing stars is not easy, isn't it?
I've been waiting for Chora Stars to change to sing.
I've been waiting for it so come in.
Anyway, I'm here to give a brief excitation.
Are you blessed today?
Yes.
Blessed in church?
Happy to be in church?
Yes.
And join something different?
Festival of nine carols, or nine lessons, and nine carols.
Nine lessons and carols.
It's been a long time.
But it's a blessing.
Hallelujah.
And so my text is also taken from Isaiah chapter nine.
That all important passage that we hear.
A prophecy for the birth of Jesus Christ.
And then I'm just reading this passage and bringing this exhortation to you so that we will know what we have when we receive Jesus into our lives.
Hallelujah.
So today I want to encourage you to receive Jesus into your life, because Christmas, as we call it, is actually celebrating the birth of Jesus Christ, the birth of a special person, the birth of our Savior and our Lord.
So briefly today, today is not a full sermon.
It's an exhortation.
I've been commissioned to bring an exhortation.
So I'm bringing you a brief exhortation for a few minutes and then basically our festival is over.
Hallelujah.
So Isaac chapter nine and I believe that I want to read verse six which says that for unto us a child is born and unto us a son is given.
And then he says that the government shall be upon his shoulder and his name shall be called wonderful counselor, the mighty God, the everlasting father and the prince of peace.
So like I said, I just I'm reading this passage to point out to us what we have when we have Jesus and what and therefore what we don't have when you don't have Jesus.
So he's saying he's saying here that he's saying right here that it's very clear
all the points in the message and the exhortation is right there.
It's saying that the government shall be upon his shoulder.
That means that he's somebody who will rule and will govern your life.
How many of you like a permanent, stable, strong, anointed government in your life?
Yes.
I mean, you already see in different nations,
America has their present impeached.
England has been back and forth a few days ago money to establish a party, a particular party to be in charge.
Then suddenly things have started moving but we've seen them delaying and
and tossing to and fro.
Today we want this, we don't want this.
Okay, we wanted to see another opposition party not knowing what they want.
How did someone describe them?
Someone describe them as what?
Come back something.
But it's like, you see that, it's like we want to be in charge, but we really don't know what to do.
We really want to be in charge, but we don't know what to do.
Okay, we don't like what you are saying, but what do you want?
We don't know what we really want.
We don't know what to really say.
So you see that different people when they are in charge or trying to rule even a country, don't even know what to do.
Sometimes you even take even schools.
You can't even tell or choose what will work for a child.
Everything is almost like an experiment.
But when you receive Jesus, when you receive Jesus,
And a lot of things are experiments.
A lot of things are experiments.
That's why you say that it's done for a while and then before I realize a law, a rule, a decision is taken that, okay, no more this.
We are taking this thing out.
We don't want this anymore.
We can't do this anymore.
Let's rather try something else.
A lot of things are experiments.
When you take even the, what do you call them?
What do you call them?
The people when we are not well, we go and see.
Not doctors, I want to use the word health, the health sector.
We take them, different things that eat this, don't eat this.
Eat this, don't eat this.
Eat butter, don't eat butter anymore.
Butter is good, butter is not good.
Eggs are good, eggs are not good.
Margarine is good, margarine is not good.
Coffee is good, coffee is not good.
It's like, you just can't tell.
Everything is like, it's floating.
It's like, it's very good today.
It's very, very, very good.
Butter is very good.
eat butter.
No, no, no, no, no, butter is not good again.
Then when you go to the shop, you see a new label, I can't believe this is not butter.
So it means that it's a thing to eat.
Then when you start eating it, then it's like, no, no, no, no, no, butter, we've discovered that butter is the real thing to eat.
Then we run back to butter.
So everything is unstable.
Everything in the hands of
in the hands of man.
It's unstable and unpredictable.
You can't tell.
You can't rely on it.
It's unreliable.
You can't go with it.
It goes, it works for a while then.
No, it's a Western that can ever, ever work.
It's a, it's a Western.
You can't have it.
No, no, no.
It's, it's bad.
Walking is good.
Walk or jogging.
Gym.
I mean, you see how crazy we are about gyms?
Gym is good.
Check on this.
Soon you'll see it.
No, no, no, no, no, these things is too much.
Too much exercise is this, too much this is that.
Try and sleep more.
Sleep is the main thing.
How many of you are waiting for that day?
But when Jesus takes over, when Jesus takes over,
Jesus brings stability into your life.
Stability into your life.
Stability into your life when Jesus takes over.
When you follow the word of God, you discover that you are very stable.
You become a very, very stable person.
When you follow just the word of God, when you follow the scripture in the beginning, like God created man, then out of man he made a woman and he said to the man, this is your what?
your better house.
It is good, it's that, you see that when you just follow, when you just follow what the Bible says, you're a very stable person.
When you don't follow what the Bible says, you're very unstable.
Very, very unstable.
You like men today, tomorrow you don't like men anymore, tomorrow you like women.
You like women today, tomorrow you don't like this.
You see that everything, everything is in the air.
everything is an air you you say okay I'm a man no I'm not a man anymore I'm something else I'm this everything everything is just hanging without without Jesus in your life without Jesus in your life I'm telling you without Jesus in your life there will be you see you always feel like there's something you have to follow okay there's something else okay now let's try this I've tried this let me try something else
I'm wearing beard.
Next time I think it's better if I don't wear a beard.
I just saw somebody.
That's why I said that.
That was all part of the script.
But I think, I think you understand, you understand what one advice is that government shall be on this show.
So it's like he's interested, he's interested in you having stability and good governance in your life.
That's direction, rules, laws, anything you can imagine.
God is interested in you having the best.
So he said that when you have Jesus, you have good governance in your life.
You'll be ruled well, you'll be stable.
You'll be stable, there will be stability, there won't be, look there are countries, there are countries just by change of government, the entire educational system is changed.
I mean completely, it's as though they have no hearts.
I was going to say as I said they have no hearts but I think it's better to say they don't have no hearts.
It's as though they have no heart.
So that you are in school, you think that you are finishing school, you are going to finish the school.
Next year is you are going to your final year.
Suddenly another party comes into power.
Then you have two more years to do.
Can you imagine?
Would you like that?
You are going to final year.
You are preparing, going to final, it's all up for me.
And then suddenly someone just, the only difference is changing party.
Like a chain from conservatives to labor, from labor to conservatives.
If there's someone, this group comes to you, so as they come into power, they say, no.
As for us, you don't do three years.
You do four.
Hey.
And that is it.
Four HRB.
So for four years that they are in power, everybody does now four years.
And then another party comes by, they say, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
You do four, you do three.
So, you can imagine what will happen.
How some will be stuck in the middle.
Some will be on no no monster.
You don't anything.
You see, all these things is why the prophecy about Jesus says that and the government shall be upon his shoulder.
Jesus takes over your life when you commit yourself to him.
He takes over.
Because the well is full of madness.
If you already agree with me of all the examples, okay, there's madness.
I mean, there's madness.
There's madness.
Nobody knows what they are doing.
Nobody knows where they are doing.
Nobody knows where they are going.
It's like life is like an experiment.
It's like an experiment.
Everybody is trying something.
Let's try this.
Let's try that.
Okay, let's do this for a while.
Okay, let's do that.
Okay, why don't we do this?
Okay, yes, this one is supposed to be done.
Okay, no, no, no.
Let's change to something else.
Why don't we Brexit?
No, let's go back to the people and ask the people again.
I mean, remember some parties will say that we should go back to the people and ask them.
Another referendum.
And then when this government decides that, no, we won't go back to the people.
Let's just go and have an election.
We are saying we are Brexit.
Everybody looks as though everybody else is talking.
So it's a kind of referendum that we had.
And you see, the people are still saying, therefore, that we want out.
We want out.
That's what the people, the people, you, that's what you're saying.
But someone says that instead of moving on, let's come and ask you again.
Last time we asked you about three years ago, isn't it?
About three years ago when we asked you, you said you wanted to leave.
Let's go and ask.
We are not sure whether you want to leave.
Let's go and ask you again because they don't want to leave.
So let's go and ask you again.
Do you really want to go?
Are you sure?
But I said, yes, we want to go.
And we want to go.
The government shall be upon his shoulders.
Jesus in your life is stability in your life.
Stability and sanity in your life.
Jesus, you just follow.
After receiving Jesus, you just follow the words of Jesus.
Just follow the words of Jesus.
Just follow the Bible.
Just follow what Jesus is saying.
You see stability.
All these nonsense will clear out of you.
All these nonsense in the world.
All these nonsense in the debate and the issues of nonsense.
Just glass out of your life.
What should I do?
Do I do the duty?
So you see even people who claims and has claimed to be in church, but I don't have Jesus ruling and governing in their life.
Their lives are different.
I understand that you can beat a Christian and you ask yourself, you see, does he go to church?
Does he really go to church?
Never, never, never, never serve Jesus because of a man.
You'll be confused.
You'll be very, very confused.
Because people can do things that are confusing.
And besides that, there are human devils.
Yeah.
There are people who are around in church, wherever you want to say but their lifestyle portrays more of people that are led by the devil or represent the devil than anything else than anything else.
Why are you saying that?
I'm saying that because Jesus turned to Peter once and called him Satan.
He said get behind me Satan.
So sometimes, you don't even know what Satan borrows their brain.
Or borrows their body for just for an event.
Maybe not permanent, not like... Because when someone is possessed, the person actually goes bonkers.
What medical science will call schizophrenia?
Someone described it as a Mercedes Benz of mental illness.
That means that it's a top of the range.
I mean, schizophrenia is like top of the range mental illness.
There are different levels, different types, depression, different things, paranoid, delusions.
I mean, you can have all kinds of things.
But when you get to the top of the range, then schizo kicks in.
That means that the person is possessed.
The person is possessed.
And the devil has taken over the brains.
and using it and working through the person.
So it may not, so that's not the type of thing that I'm talking about, but there are sometimes there are people, even there are people that you wish you'd not have met them.
I mean if you have met someone you wish you'd not have never met the person, because your experience with that person, your life is what they say, has never been the same again.
And then let me ask you another question.
How many of you have met someone in church and you experienced with that person you wish you had never met that person even though it was in church?
This one you have to do it quickly and put it down so the person doesn't see it.
Yes.
Yeah.
And sometimes it's also because you didn't listen.
I can't laugh at you.
Sometimes I feel like laughing at some people, but it's not a big deal.
It's not good to laugh.
Even if you're laughing, you have to pretend that you're not laughing.
You have to say, oh, sorry, my joy.
Jesus in your life is stability in your life.
number two.
And his name shall be called wonderful.
I think this is my favorite for today.
His name shall be called wonderful.
Your experience of Jesus is an experience of wonderful things.
May your life be filled with wonderful things.
May God give you pleasant surprises.
May God give you pleasant experiences.
May God give you miracles that will
You see, a wonder, a wonder, a wonder in this context is like a shock.
It's like, wow, is that me?
Is that wow?
Is that happening to me?
May your life be filled with wonders, wonders and wonders.
Someone is doing something to my sound that is making me shout.
Yes, sit down.
Wonderful things.
his name shall be called wonderful.
So, when you say receive Jesus, in other words, we are saying receive wonderful.
Receive wonderful into your life.
In other words, in other words, may your life be full of wonders.
Wonderful is wonderful.
Full of wonder.
I'm still shouting, someone that's turned something off.
Can you also hear it and feel it?
Yes, it's something, it's been giving back to me.
Okay, one, two.
Don't make me shout, it's like I'm shouting, said, okay.
Are you there?
Yeah, wonderful.
He said, his name shout it.
So we'll be saying that Jesus is your savior.
Jesus, but what was he saying?
It's wonderful, it's your savior.
Wonderful is your Lord.
Receive wonderful today.
You have wonderful in your life.
In other words, when it comes into your life, you experience wonders.
That's what people will be asking you.
Think that you can't explain yourself.
You can't explain it yourself.
You can't because you've become a wonder.
Your experiences are wonderful because Jesus the miracle worker has taken over your life and is performing wonders in your life.
May you permanently experience wonders in your Christian life and your Christian world.
Then, next one.
Next one.
Today I'm on time lock.
You can see how excited I am about the point of wonderful.
I can talk about wonderful all day.
And list out to you the miracles, the miracles of Jesus.
How he started off by turning water into wine.
Working on water.
Casting out devils.
Raising the dead.
Healing blind eyes.
Opening ears.
I mean that is Jesus.
That's master Jesus.
Everything you think is impossible.
Jesus I make it possible for you.
No, you didn't hear me.
I said, I said as you are seated here today.
anything you are thinking, it is impossible for you.
This is December 2019.
Anything you are thinking is impossible.
Wonderful Jesus shall make it possible for you.
That is who Jesus is.
Amen.
His name is power.
When he appears in your life, power appears.
You know, recently, sit down.
I was asleep.
I was asleep in a bed that was not my bed.
That means I was asleep somewhere.
In the bed.
It wasn't my bed.
When I opened my eyes, I suddenly opened my eyes and I saw to my left hand side
There's this bedside whatever is there.
And I saw a demon standing there.
And I don't know what he was doing, but suddenly I froze in the bed.
I couldn't move.
And I could see, I could see, I could see it.
It or him, I could see it standing there.
Then he had some actions to be taken.
When he does this, I freeze more, I can't move.
And I was, I remember, I remember I was looking at it.
I mean, I was at that sleep, it wasn't the trans, it wasn't the vision, I was awake.
And I could see, I could see the things standing there.
And he kept, he has a very funny way of behaving.
It's like, it can't be still.
You say, no, when it does, it starts jumping, it's like it's happy.
And I was saying, I was saying, stop it.
Because I remember I was saying to myself, stop it.
Stop it.
Clean it out.
When I use such words, it just jumps in the funny way that he does it again.
And I remember suddenly it occurred to me that you are dying.
You are dying.
This thing is trying to kill you.
When I started, it started more.
And I was freezing.
Do you know what I'm freezing?
I was still, I can't now, I can't move.
They said, you okay to me?
When you okay to me, you are dying.
You okay to me?
Use the name Jesus.
It's like now use the name, the only thing that will work is the name Jesus.
So as I lay there, my head was turned like that to the left and I was watching, I was watching it.
And it was really misbehaving.
I mean, I felt that I wish I could get up and catch it.
But that's not the solution.
For we wrestle not against flesh and blood.
And the weapons of our warfare are not counter.
You see, every part of my body was not working, but my brain too was working.
So I remember I can say, look, stop it.
I said, stop it.
And I said, leave.
But it was just, it was just Jesus.
But it would just do the action.
Then I said, Jesus.
Hey.
It fled.
I mean, it fled and disappeared.
I said, Jesus.
But you see, when I said Jesus, I had become, by the time I said the second Jesus, I had become normal and strong.
So I stopped.
By the third Jesus, I sat on the bed.
It's like, now I want to do what I was going to do.
Then I realized it wasn't the real thing.
The thing has disappeared.
When I'm saying to you that the name of Jesus would work wonders in your life.
some of you sometimes you're you're stressed at work.
You're confused.
You don't you don't know what to do.
The name of Jesus will do something for you.
Just find a space and say, Jesus help me.
Jesus help me.
Just mention the name Jesus.
It will change things for you.
It will change.
Today, God is handing over to you the weapon that works above
You use the name Jesus.
Everything will be different for you.
Amen.
You see wonders.
Next point.
Next point is is counselor.
Counselor.
That is counsel.
That is
That is being spoken to.
That is you have, you have someone who talks to you.
You have someone who talks to you.
Someone who tells you, do this.
Someone who tells you, stop.
You see, one of the things you pray for in your life is to have someone in your life who can tell you, stop.
Stop.
Not just, not just do.
This, the stop one, the stop.
Because that is what, that is what we don't like.
How many of you realize we all don't like stop?
We don't like stop at all.
We like go.
Yes.
No, but stop.
Yeah.
You see, that is where you will discover that you have in your life a counselor, which is the which is the same name that Jesus has.
He's called counselor.
That means that means that he talks.
He talks.
Look, there's a scripture that Christians like
What are they called?
The people who are not Christians, unbelievers.
It says that, that scripture says that, I think it's 1625.
It says that there's a way that seems right to a man.
There's a way that seems right to a man.
It's like the end of that way.
Yes.
There's a way that seems right onto a man, but the end thereof are the ways of death.
I think it's also 1424, isn't it?
Yes, 1424.
1625, 1424.
No, not 1424.
There's another one.
The same.
There's a way that seems right to a man.
Same.
1625 and somewhere else.
It's in two places.
I'm making reference to this scripture because I'm trying to tell you, your way always seems right to you.
Yes, you're 1412.
Your way always seems right to you.
But it's very easy to apply this to an unbeliever.
So it's when you see someone's arguing, stacking their ways, setting their ways, won't change, can't change, believing, believing that they are right.
The sceptre is explaining your way to you that, look, there's a way that seems right to a man.
Why would you change your mind if you think your mind is right?
How would you change your mind if you think your mind is right?
If you think what you are thinking is right, why would you give me a reason why you would change your mind?
That's why the scripture says, the scripture, the scripture again, Proverbs chapter three, Proverbs chapter three.
Try and find verse five for us.
Is there trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on to thy own understanding?
Is it 14, 12, 16, 25, and then 35?
You must always remember that.
Lean not on your own understanding.
That is where the name counselor kicks into your life.
that so how would I know that I'm wrong?
How would I know that I'm right?
Because there's a way that seems right to you.
Especially when you are young, especially teenagers.
How many of you have been teenagers before?
If you still are, don't lift up your hand.
Teenage in your teens.
Yes.
In your teens.
Yes, I feel just graduated out of teens.
But it's a special, it's a,
You see, generally, generally, a young person feels they are right when they are stupid.
You will never be stupid.
Amen.
So, so when you when you get to that point, I'm giving you the solution because it's a dangerous thing to feel I'm right.
I'm right.
I know.
I have got this.
It's
There is a way that seems right to a man.
It seems right to you.
It appears right to you.
You feel you are right.
You feel you are good.
Even when you know that is sin, you still think you are right.
You think you are right and you think you will never be caught.
And the scripture says that but there are ways.
But the end thereof are the ways of death.
It's not going to end well.
It is not going to end well.
It won't end well.
But how difficult it is for us to change routes?
And to say, no, I have to stop this thing.
The solution is that name that Jesus has, which is counselor, counselor, counselor.
Don't cancel out of your life, you're countless.
Don't cancel them out of your life.
Don't be too, don't be too set in your ways.
He said, no, I can't listen to it.
Everyone you feel you're right.
Listen.
Because the advisor, in the multitude of counselors, there's safety.
So listen.
Listen to things you've not thought of.
Just listen.
Those of you girls who sometimes you feel you're in love.
Twerp.
Doomcoff.
Yeah.
Do you understand?
Do you understand that you can find out later?
Yes.
Because you see, you've never, you've nobody has ever told you you're beautiful before.
Suddenly you're being told you're beautiful.
When your mother, when your mother is insulting at home, somebody at school they say you're beautiful.
All you hear from home is, all you hear from home is they're blasting.
And then suddenly,
Suddenly it's like, you know you've been called dirty girl.
You're not clean.
Go and brush your teeth.
Go and clean.
Stab on girl.
This.
Suddenly someone, when someone sees you, you see that his eyes are glowing.
You've not seen, you've not seen anything like that before.
Suddenly the demon, you see, whilst he is talking to you through your right ear, the demon is standing on the left ear and saying, and saying that, you see mommy is wrong.
You see, mommy is strong there.
You also be saying that you are so beautiful.
You see, I told you mommy is wrong.
You are so, you are so nice.
I told you, I told you mommy, mommy is so wrong.
Look at your eyes.
Mommy has never talked to you about your eyes before.
You see, watch, watch you go raise that you have an interaction with devils.
Because suddenly you are hearing things you have never heard before.
Never.
Mommy has never commented on your shape before.
When you appear, she just says, clear out and go and wash the dishes.
Clear off.
When daddy comes, daddy says, have you finished your homework?
I'm gonna say it's going tight in your room.
Now, someone is saying, look at your eyes, your lips.
When I hear your voice, my heart melts.
My heart, my heart joins my blood.
When I'm talking to you on FaceTime, I forget to add sugar to my tea.
Everything tastes sweet.
When I'm talking to you, my battery never dies.
You are the life of my phone.
I mean, if you hear such things, it explains there is a way that's right.
Tell me what is wrong with what you are being told.
Tell me what is wrong.
He says to you that this is the best hairstyle I've ever seen since I was born.
I mean, how can such a person be a bad person?
I mean, how can such a guy be a bad guy?
I mean, how?
I'll show you how.
Sit down.
How can he be?
How can someone who says such nice things?
He's so engaging.
He's so fun to be with.
He makes me laugh.
He makes me cry.
The way to detect is Jesus and his words.
When he starts contradicting
what the Bible says.
Not your looks, not your hips, not the sound of your voice, not your hair.
When he starts making demands from you that contradicts what God has said you should do, then you should know that you are under another government.
Yes, you're under another government.
So how can you stop him from taking you that far?
Counselor.
Ask your neighbor, who is your counselor?
Who is your counselor?
Ask him, who is your counselor?
Tell him, you seem to have fired all your counselors.
Who is your counselor?
You see, when you become your own counselor, it's great danger.
You're in grave danger when you become your own personal private counselor.
Just because of 16, 25, 14, 12.
And 3, 5.
Lean on your own understanding.
Lean on your own.
You see, your understanding is usually based on your experiences.
It's based on how much you know.
And you don't know much.
No, by tomorrow you discover you don't know much.
By tomorrow.
by tomorrow.
Yes.
By tomorrow, you don't know much.
Do you know tomorrow?
No.
That's what I'm saying.
By tomorrow, you don't know much.
Yes.
Because by tomorrow, you know more.
Those who are fired, you're countless.
Have you, have you not noticed that?
I, I hope, I hope this statement about to make, I hope it doesn't apply to anybody here.
But you, you notice that nobody talks to you.
That's a very dangerous place to be.
Nobody talks to you.
Nobody, nobody gives you advice.
You are just there.
And that, that's, that's the, that's one of the greatest dangers because then you feel like I have proven all of them that I'm right.
You are proving to everybody that you are a fool.
Nobody says anything.
Have you noticed that nobody says anything anymore?
People used to talk about nobody because you are fired all of them one after the other.
Nobody says anything.
Have you noticed that nobody says anything?
The people who say something don't say anything.
They don't say anything.
They are just people who chat and laugh with you.
Nobody says anything in the different departments of your life.
You don't have counselors.
Meanwhile, the Bible prescribes that have a lot of counselors, have a lot of, have a lot of, hear a lot of talking.
Because a lot of talking helps you to think right.
When people stop talking, I mean, when it gets to you, it's nobody says anything.
And the name of Jesus is counselor, counselor, counselor.
That is giving advice.
It's wise people who ask, what do you think?
What do you think?
It's a wise person who will say that, I'll stop because you said stop.
I'll stop.
It's like, I don't really have a reason why I should stop.
But because you are saying it, I'll consider it.
I will consider it.
I will consider what you are saying.
No, you are wrong.
No, you don't.
You start.
You see, there are people when you start talking to them.
You are wrong.
You don't understand.
You don't know.
That's a fool.
Yeah, that's a fool.
You will not be a fool.
Amen.
You will not be an idiot.
You'll be open to counseling.
Amen.
Counseling.
Not always fighting.
Always arguing.
Always
when you're talking, when you're talking to your, your husband or your wife, it's like you're playing tennis, ping pong in the house.
Your whole world is this song, this sound.
Clap.
Clap
You see your pastor?
Ask for pastor and pastor talks.
Ask for, when he gets there, even your strikes are even swifter.
Click.
It's like, it's like, it's like, I'll not give him a chance.
But in the multitude of counselors, face safety.
When you receive Jesus, you are receiving into your life counsel, counsel.
You become an admirer of advice.
You admired when someone say something you've not thought about.
Those are people who ask questions are intelligent people.
But it seems as though in the classroom, the people ask questions as though they appear as though they are the slow ones.
It's also they having got it.
That's why they are asking the question.
Usually the question they ask, the rest can't answer anyway.
Yeah.
Next time you're in a meeting, watch those who ask questions in the meeting.
They are the intelligent, compliant, flowing ones.
It rather means they are the ones who understand what is being talked about.
That is why they have the question.
No question means no interest, indifference, dumb, daft, thick.
Yes, that's what no question means.
It means I'm not following, I'm not even following enough to even have a question about what he's saying.
I'm not following enough.
If you follow anything, you have a question about it.
But usually a quiet person appears very wise.
Not even intelligent, wise.
Is it not true?
Quiet people, quiet people have a certain diplomatic
Wise, all-knowing appearance.
They appear like, I've got it.
When you ask a question, they turn and look at yourself.
It's like, where were you?
Where were you when you were saying it?
But the people who have got it are the ones who even ask for clarification.
They will even check that what I'm thinking, what I'm thinking you are saying, is that what you are saying?
When you have nothing to say, let me give you a tip, when you have nothing to say, repeat what was said.
Do you understand?
Repeat what was said.
And then you will discover that maybe you didn't get it well.
Just repeat what was said.
Just repeat it.
Just to say, well, thank you for, thank you for telling us that salvation corner is to the right.
I said, oh yes, salvation corner, which is part of the salvation meeting, part of understanding campaign, which is this, that you, you see, you even get more information.
When you sit there and you just notice it.
You be daft.
You say you're in love.
What do you know about love?
God is love.
Do you know that God is love?
Let's talk about love.
Now, God, let's have God is love.
Yeah, love.
All you have is feelings.
That's a fever.
Say you want a tall guy.
He has to be tall, broad.
He needs to have a husky voice.
That husky voice.
And the beard, that's like...
I can wrap my hands through a beard.
You see?
You are showing your ignorance because where that thing is taking you?
Height doesn't contribute to it.
Beard makes no contribution.
It's like in the laws of food or nutrition.
Pepper has no nutritional value.
Not even one.
But it's nice in your foot.
It's nice.
It gives flavor.
But it doesn't do anything.
So when you start talking about height, peer, broad chest.
I mean it must be difficult for him to go through the door.
He must have hips.
You see?
You see, I still, are you listening to me?
My time is up but don't worry.
I enjoy my preaching.
Okay.
You see, I don't see why you give someone credit for something she did not contribute to.
Do you understand my question?
I mean, how do you say she will make a good wife because
This side protrudes further than the average person.
I mean, I mean, how?
I mean, how?
I mean, I would even, I would even, perhaps if we consider, consider your intelligence a bit, if you even say that you even ask that what course did she study or what did she get?
What grade did she get?
Then I'll say, I'll even appreciate it a bit that, okay, because she's someone who is able to study, someone who is a bit disciplined, intelligent, but you see the girl, you see her shape.
Even she herself doesn't know that shape is there, unless she's a bad girl.
Unless she's been around, people have told her things, she doesn't even know.
Because that's how she's been all her life, that's how she's been.
It's nothing special to wear.
Oh, you don't understand my message.
So you see now I'm giving you counsel.
I'm counseling.
Those of you who don't like counsel.
You fight your counselors.
You delete your counselors.
You oppose your counsellors.
You avoid your counsellors.
The only reason why you would avoid your counsellors is because you know what you are doing is wrong.
Yes.
Oh, you haven't read the scripture.
Have you read the scripture?
Is it 271?
Proverbs, try it.
If it's what it would change.
Okay, try 291.
Okay, try the wicked fleer when no man pursues.
What is it?
Ah, 281.
I was in the range.
You would have been saying romance 47.
Next time, you see, what the scripture says is that a wicked person, there's someone who knows he's into evil.
He's on his heels.
When he passes, and you look at that, there's nobody coming.
There's nobody coming.
So why are you avoiding the pastors?
Why are you avoiding the pastors?
Why are you running?
Sit down, sit down, sit down.
It's not a camp.
It's a check service.
you running?
Why are you running?
What are you running from?
And who are you running from?
And what are you running to?
So 281, I didn't say it.
The Bible said anybody who is running when nobody is chasing is a wicked person.
What he says is that the person knows the evil they are into.
That's why they are that's why they are ducking and diving.
Ducking and diving.
Who answer phone calls?
Who respond to messages?
You don't text anymore.
We don't talk anymore.
We don't touch anymore.
Why don't we talk
We used to talk all the time.
All the time you were messaging out how you've been messaging.
I'll be messaging back.
Hi.
How are you?
How's this?
We're always talking.
Why don't we talk anymore?
Lost my number?
Yeah.
Why?
Why don't we talk anymore?
Hey, it's a question.
Why are you ducking and diving?
Yeah.
Why have you?
Why have you left the
You to sing with them.
Beautiful you are with them.
Why have you left?
Why have you left when nobody has asked you?
Why are you lying and saying that they don't want you to sing anymore?
Why?
Look behind you, there's nobody after you.
Why are you running?
Why are you avoiding?
Why are you avoiding your counsellors?
The name of Jesus is counsellor.
Embrace your counsellors.
Receive your counsellors.
Welcome your counsellors.
Listen to your counsellors.
Why are you dodging?
Well, we're no friends.
Give me, no, give me, no, let me forget about friends.
I was not your pastor.
I should talk to you all the time.
You should say, you should tell me everything.
You don't say anything anymore.
We don't talk anymore.
You don't talk anymore.
You don't say anything anymore.
It's been three months.
You should message all the time, all the time, even of unnecessary things.
You don't say anything anymore.
You call immaturity.
I call it backsliding.
Yeah.
Why are you running?
You sucked your counselors.
You fired them.
Yeah.
By the name of Jesus.
Take me back to my passage so I can finish myself up.
Yes.
How many of you are going to welcome back your counselors?
Welcome them back.
Yes.
Tell your counselors to come back.
come back.
You have to send your counselor a message to their look.
You've been an idol for too long.
Let me give you some job to do, you know?
Yes.
And you know some of the decisions you don't ask for counsel because you know what you're about to do, isn't it?
So you do it.
You do it and say, oh, sorry, I thought I had told you.
What do you mean you thought you had to?
What do you mean by you thought you had mentioned it?
What do you mean?
I mean, my mom tells me that I was born on a Sunday night, but not today.
You understand?
My mom tells me that I was born on a Sunday night at 11.30 p.m.
I almost missed Sunday.
But it's not today or last week Sunday.
It's when you tell me that you thought you had to, you talked to me all the time about everything.
And I said, you've made a move unannounced.
And then you are telling me that you thought you had mentioned it.
Why?
Were you drunk last night or what?
Counselor.
The next thing you receive into your life is the mighty God.
The mighty God.
The almighty one.
The one and only.
God comes into your life when you receive Jesus.
God, the mighty God is the one you are receiving.
the mighty God, the creator of the heavens and the earth.
The mighty God, a mighty God comes into your life.
There's a song, the Lord our God.
In the midst of the, I think it's a verse.
He's mighty.
Yes.
God in the midst, God in the midst of us.
He's mighty.
When you have God in your life, do you see that in the midst of
confusion, issues.
You see that there's a mighty God.
There's a mighty God appears.
The Lord your God in the midst of your life is mighty.
He's strong.
Especially when you are at your wit's end.
See some of you don't give up easily.
That's why you haven't seen God and you haven't seen miracles.
You feel
You're tough.
I'll fix it.
I can make it.
In dealing with God, you are still thinking I'm tough.
I don't crack easily.
You will say in black don't crack.
Black don't crack.
Black bleaches.
There's no point in acting tough.
A broken and a contrite heart is the Lord.
Yes, it's the Lord.
A contrite heart and a broken heart is the Lord.
It's the Lord.
That's what the Lord can use.
That's what the Lord can work with.
That's what the Lord can help.
But too tough.
That's why you've never given in.
We don't even know that you even think that you are wrong.
It's like, okay, okay.
You say, you just finish a hot argument and you realize that you're wrong.
Instead of saying, sorry I was wrong, you continue.
You're saying to, I'm wrong.
I'm wrong.
But the impression is that you are a tough, stubborn, hardened criminal.
But you are determined.
So you don't see the hand of God.
You don't see the hand of God.
Because you never, you never give in.
You never give up.
You never surrender.
You never.
You never give into anything.
Set.
You are never repentant.
Never say sorry.
Never say no.
So you don't see God.
You don't see God.
Do see the hand of God.
Those who see the hand of God have those who depend on God.
Those who call on him.
Those who never do.
I come to anything.
come to anything except God unless God comes up.
There's nothing that can work for me.
They are the ones that see God.
They are the ones who pray.
Yes.
Is he a prayerful person?
You think you think a prayerful person is a very spiritual person.
He's perhaps the weakest.
That's why he depends so much on God.
That's why he depends so much on
That's that's what even that's what even if it's for two, even if it's for two minutes, two minutes, he will make time to call on his mighty God because he knows that if he doesn't pray, nothing will work.
Nothing will work.
Yes.
He knows that nothing will work.
Nothing will change.
That's why he calls.
He will call on his mighty God every day.
The people who live for if we
They don't pray, they don't do anything.
Because they don't see the mighty God in their life.
The mighty God.
The mighty God is seen, engaged, encountered, experienced through prayer.
Those who pray, they will see their God.
They will see their God and they will experience their God.
Those who don't pray, you are just living.
Isn't it?
Just living.
You don't see the mighty God.
You will see your mighty God.
Amen.
You will experience the mighty God.
You will experience him.
You experience him.
Everything by prayer.
Even in your shower pray.
Even in the shower pray.
the mighty God.
Then the next one is what?
Praise of peace.
No, everlasting father.
Oh, wow.
When you receive Jesus, you are receiving an everlasting father.
Everlasting father.
I think one of the great blessings of life is to have a father.
Yes.
Amen.
That that is why it is the most attacked office and position in a person's life.
Most people don't have fathers.
There's not one sperm, but I don't have a father.
By the time they formed and they came out, it's like, hey, either mommy has fired him or he has fired himself.
It's perhaps the most attacked and despised role in a person's life.
Read it or read it.
Not everlasting mother.
Those of you who are sexist and feminist.
You think I won't say it?
Read it.
Unless you want to tell me that God doesn't know the difference between father and mother.
So he meant both.
a everlasting father.
A everlasting father.
A father that never dies.
My biological father is not an everlasting father.
He died in 1994.
Long time ago.
Long time ago he was dead.
He's not an everlasting father.
He has died.
I'm not an everlasting father to my children.
I'll go one day.
One day I'll be gone.
But there is somebody that when you receive into your life, receive into your life, you have an everlasting father.
He will be a father to you.
He will talk to you.
He will counsel you.
He will provide for you.
He will look after you.
That is what it means to receive Jesus.
You are receiving an everlasting father.
Never say that to me.
I don't have a father.
I don't have this.
My father was not there.
So this and this.
Fathers are wicked.
Fathers are evil.
Don't form ideologies about fathers and things.
Jesus is an everlasting father to you.
Everlasting father.
That's what you see.
When you see Jesus coming to the church, you say, God provides a father for you.
If you can receive him.
If you can receive, you see, suddenly there's someone who is caring for you.
Someone who is talking to you, someone who is telling you what to do.
You see, it's as though God is compensating for some things that you didn't have.
It's being brought into your life if you can receive it.
If you can receive it.
You see, there's a certain voice, a certain voice and a certain tone that maybe you've never had in your life.
but suddenly you come to church and you're sometimes you're even surprised.
Why?
Why is that's even?
Why is that's even talked to us so strongly?
Because you need somebody to talk to you so strongly.
You need somebody to talk to you so strongly.
You need someone to point things out to you.
Otherwise, you make a fool of yourself.
You discover you're now you are forty-nine and then you
Most people in their older ages that keep shouting at young people, listen to them.
It's because they were disobedient.
They are talking to you after their disobedience.
They have seen something they don't want you to see.
Just as they are not humble enough to share their testimony with you.
That the reason why I keep telling you this is because I don't want you to become like me.
Most people
normal person will like their children to have a father.
They will like your child to have someone to talk to or to him.
You will like it.
Because it's not everything that you can tell your child.
It's not everything you can engage your child on or even explain to your child.
You are with somebody who will say to your child for you.
said, I don't know what you're thinking about.
You look at your thinking a lot.
What are you thinking about?
This is everybody who gets it.
So when you get it, you get a hand that is trying to save you.
You slap the hand out of your life.
It's not a blessing.
Your parents don't know some things about you and they will never know.
And they shouldn't know if they know they'll have heart attack.
Yes.
They shouldn't know.
Is it not true?
It's not true.
Yes.
So when God provides a father, if you like a father figure, I don't like using the word a father figure.
God provides a father for you.
Not in replacement of your father.
But in addition.
In addition.
Because you need different types.
different faces of your life.
There's some things you can't do.
Parents are always, parents are always debating amongst themselves who talk to the child about this.
Who, who should talk to the child about sex?
Who should talk to the child about sex?
Why should I be the one to talk about this about sex?
You two talk to her about sex.
You two talk about sex.
But they have to know about it.
Then this is what you talk about.
So he comes to you and you say, we give such an example.
You have to know.
I said, no, this thing, it is dangerous for you.
Yeah.
Parents out there, they don't know.
They're always debating.
No, you do it.
You do it.
Do you do it?
I remember my wife telling me that she would do the girls as she would do my son.
I said, you do the, I said, then do all.
If you start, if you started, then finish the course.
If you started, then finish.
You don't do all.
And the one, she sent my son to be, he to, he came.
He didn't even understand.
He was just asking the questions.
What is sex?
I said, what do you mean?
Who sent you to come and ask this question?
Who sent you?
Who sent you to come and ask me what is sex?
How should I explain it to you?
By diagram or by verses?
But you see, if you have said the type of father, you can talk about something to explain something that you have received.
You wouldn't have made some mistakes.
True or correct?
True or
I was talking to a couple of ones about their child.
And the father was fuming, fuming about a boy who has gone to sleep with their daughter.
He was, I mean, he was fuming.
I mean, look, and I was trying to calm him down.
Then suddenly his wife, that is the child's mother, burst out laughing.
In the serious, he started laughing.
So I said, why he laughing?
He said, because he thinks it's the boy.
But what if it's her daughter?
Do you understand what she's saying?
It's her daughter was going to entice somebody.
You're angry here.
But she was right.
Of all my investigation and things that happened.
It is right.
It is their child who was rather going to spoil somebody's life.
But I'm explaining to you that everybody likes their child.
Everybody likes their child.
And so when you meet this child, this child doesn't even know that the father even likes her and believes in her that much.
Because they wicked flee a friend of man pursue her.
Everybody likes their child.
Everybody really likes her.
Have you seen anybody who hasn't liked their child before?
I mean, it's possible but it's not a common thing.
Don't answer.
Don't answer five.
It's a mother who doesn't believe her at all or who don't even doesn't believe who really knows that she's some bad she's some bad girl.
She doesn't even know where she got it from.
She's not the trainee.
No, not trainee.
Trainer.
Top coach.
It's a good Christmas.
My coach has a job and my prime minister has a job.
What are we talking about?
Everlasting father.
Are you there or you've traveled?
Receive the fathers.
Receive the fathers into your life.
A father is like a tree.
A tree.
Fight, fight a father.
You see fighting a father is like a
fighting the father is not what brings the case.
Fighting a father is a case.
Do you understand the difference?
It's not like when you fight your father, then the case is now coming.
When you are fighting your father, it means you are preting on their case.
Yes.
There's something wrong.
In other words, there's something wrong with you to fight your father.
You wouldn't fight Jesus would you?
How many of you will fight Jesus?
You didn't fight Jesus.
He's an everlasting father.
He's the title he uses his father.
He uses the title father.
He's a father.
And then finally, he's a prince of peace.
Receiving Jesus is receiving peace into your life.
Carl, don't you have peace in your life since you came to Jesus?
Yes, definitely 100%.
One question, three answers.
the peace that you didn't have before.
You wouldn't you wouldn't have.
You come by from the supermarket.
The peace that you have in Christ.
You see what?
When you're not in Jesus, you don't even know what we are talking about.
There's a certain peace that you have that only comes through Jesus.
The things you worry about now.
If you don't worry
that peace, that passive understanding.
You can't, you know, you can't explain it.
Where there is Jesus, there is peace.
May you have peace.
Receive peace into your life.
So, is it where there is strife, strife, struggles, debates?
It means you've not allowed Jesus to take his seat for his words to reign in the
May God give you peace.
May God give you wisdom to have peace.
Because Jesus is the prince of peace.
In salvation there is peace.
In Jesus there is peace.
Having Jesus in your heart and in your life brings peace into you.
Because you are bringing the prince of peace into your life.
Yes.
The prince of peace.
He's in charge of peace.
I don't know what it means when we say the Prince of Wales, Duke of Cambridge, Duke of Sussex, Duke of Edinburgh.
I don't really know exactly what it means, what the type of authority they are, but here at least I can introduce you to the Prince of Peace.
He is the Prince of Peace.
The Prince of Peace.
When you have him, you are invited into your life.
Can you imagine?
inviting into your life the prince of peace.
How many of you like to have peace in your life?
Put your hands up.
How many of you don't have peace in certain areas?
Certain areas.
Yes.
Man.
Everybody has peace somewhere.
Hasn't got peace somewhere.
There's peace here.
There's no peace there.
There's no, you know, it's working here but that is not working.
Yes.
Your beard is growing well but something else is not growing well.
That's that's what I had to add in certain areas, certain areas, certain areas, certain areas.
Maybe you've got you've got two one but you haven't got a job yet.
Only you've got first class but you haven't got a job yet.
The prince of peace will answer every question in your life.
He shall be your provider.
He shall bring peace.
Sometimes you've calculated your life that I'll have this, I'll do this, I'll do this, by this age I'll have this.
You've done one, two, three, four.
When you go to the fifth point, you have the fifth one is beyond you.
There's nothing you can do to attain it.
There's nothing you can do to do it.
There's nothing.
No matter how hard you work, it doesn't come.
That is not how it comes.
It comes through the prince of peace.
Yeah.
Even for your children to be saved.
for your children to love God, for your children to fear God.
It doesn't, it comes from God.
How can you do?
How can you beat your chest and say that for me?
All my children are broke.
You see, I was with a mother once, as she was beating her chest.
Do you understand beating her chest?
Almost vowing and swearing that her daughter is a virgin.
And I know her daughter.
I know her.
She doesn't know her.
And I remember I was saying the daughter was there.
All of us were there.
So now the daughter and I, we have to look straight.
We have to avoid making eye contact.
As the mother, the mother was doing what?
Beating her chest and swearing about how good and pure her nice daughter is.
And I remember I was thinking, if I were to be you, I'll just be saying that, oh, thank God she's in church.
Thank God she knows God.
Thank God she's in a place like this.
Instead of beating your chest and swearing over things you don't know about.
But I told you everybody likes their child.
Everybody likes their child.
Nobody thinks their child is a witch.
But for your child to be saved, for your child to be pure, for your child to be protected, it takes God.
For you to have that peace, it only takes God.
Give everything you have to God.
Give it all to God.
And God will keep you.
Amen.
Now, holding on to some things, some things we hold on to.
Give everything to God.
God will look after you.
God will take care of you.
Yeah.
Remember I told you, when you grow up, more than you have grown up and you have children, remember I advised you to give them to God.
Give them to God and go to bed.
Yes.
It's only God who can keep them.
just as God has kept you.
How did you come to church?
How did you come?
How did you find church?
It's not like you've come from a home where tongues are spoken every morning.
That's not where you come from.
Come on.
You've seen Christmases with no Jesus.
Yeah.
It's not like you are walking up by the sound of the atmosphere you've come from.
That's that's not the atmosphere.
It's so foreign.
Yes.
But look at you.
How did how did you get here?
How did you get here?
Because I'm a good pastor.
No.
Make no
Because I should smile.
No.
Because God found you.
Yes, because God found you and preserved you and preserved you and guided the steps of the righteous are ordered by God.
He guided your steps, ordered your steps and gave you peace.
He gave you peace and gave your parents peace.
Now, the problems your siblings gave, you don't give that problem anymore.
Doesn't it?
You come to church, we really blessed you about that, your behavior at home.
Even though you haven't told them that it's from church, but you have changed.
You stopped answering.
Have you not stopped answering back?
You have stopped.
And if you haven't stopped, you will stop soon.
God will help you to stop.
The Holy Spirit will help you to stop.
Christmas, buy your parents gifts.
I hope you have something you've not done before.
Buy them gifts.
Yes.
Buy what you can afford.
You can't afford iPhone 11.
That's what you're looking at.
He's like, he's like, your mom said she wants iPhone 11 and you can't afford it.
No.
accessorize.
You'll find you'll find earrings for £3.50.
And no tins.
No tins.
I'll just say it's a nice gesture.
Buy something.
And buy your father something too.
Start from start from socks.
You can buy him socks.
You become richer.
When you become richer, you buy him better things.
Yes.
Because you will become rich.
Amen.
Prosperous.
Wealthy.
Amen.
Yes.
If you are working already, you can't go and buy socks.
It's not for you.
Oh, yes.
You can do better.
Yeah.
So, I'm going to buy socks.
So, what do you mean?
What do you mean?
When they ask me, what do I want?
And I show them what I want.
And they say, oh, daddy.
I don't know why their response always, oh, daddy.
Oh, daddy.
You ask me, what do I want?
I showed you what I want.
Now your response, oh, daddy.
Oh, daddy.
So now I have to pray for them, Lord.
Prosper them.
Make them rich.
Make their bank accounts fat.
and soften their heart because after God has blessed you to, you need a heart to be able to use it.
So, when I show them what I want, they don't say, oh, daddy, they'll say, oh, no problem.
They'll say anything else, anything else, anything else.
May that be the responsibility of others.
God bless you, stand to your feet.
Wow.
Want to thank God for Jesus today.
Thank him for Jesus for sending his only begotten son into this world.
Into our lives.
For peace.
To be a father.
To be a counselor.
To bring stability.
Thank him.
Thank God for Jesus.
Thank him for Jesus.
Everybody speak.
Speak thank him.
Thank him.
All over this space, all over from the back to the front, be praying, back to the front.
Let nobody distract you, let nobody talk to you.
Thanking Him.
Thank Him.
You just be saying thank you for Jesus.
Thank you for Jesus.
Thank him.
Thank God for Jesus.
Thank God for Jesus today.
He reigns.
He rules.
He rules in our life.
Thank you Lord.
Receiving Jesus is receiving more than you have ever thought or imagined.
Thank you Jesus.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Father, for Jesus.
Thank you for Jesus.
Father, thank you for today.
Thank you for this beautiful Christmas season, Lord.
May the blessings of having Christ in our lives be seen, be known, be experienced, be made manifest in our lives, O God.
Let the power in the name of Jesus break forth in our lives, O God.
wherever with every aspect or whatever aspect of our lives.
Jesus is missing.
May Jesus take over.
May Jesus take over Lord.
May Jesus take over every aspect.
Every aspect Lord.
May we truly become Jesus people.
Thank you Lord.
May we see the
your only begotten son.
May we see it in our lives.
Thank you Father for today.
And bless you Lord.
Thank you Lord for your goodness.
In the name of Jesus.
Now, wherever I close every head bowed, I want to pray for you specially.
You are here, somebody invited you to church today.
But you don't have Jesus in your life.
This Jesus we speak about today, you've not invited him into your life.
You've not received them into your life.
And today you want to say, Pastor, pray with me.
I want this Jesus in my life.
I want to receive him.
I want to have him.
I want to have the joy that Jesus brings, the peace that Jesus brings, and above all the salvation that Jesus brings, that my sins will be forgiven and my sins will be washed away.
Pastor, please pray with me.
I need Jesus in my life.
While every eyes closed and every head is bowed,
If you're here like that to say, Pastor, pray with me.
I need this Jesus that you preach.
I need him in my life.
Very quickly, just lift up your right hand and I'll pray with you.
Pastor, pray with me.
I want Jesus in my life.
Just your right hand.
Lift up high so I can see you very quickly.
Pastor, pray with me.
I need this Jesus.
I want this Jesus.
God bless you.
Just your right hand.
Lift it up high.
God bless you.
I can see your hands.
You also want to join in.
Every I cause every heart bow.
Keep your hand up.
So, pray with me.
I need Jesus in my life today.
I want this Jesus.
I'm choosing this Jesus today.
I'm making the all important decision that I'll have Jesus in my life.
Just your right hand and I'll pray for you.
Just your right hand.
God bless you.
I can see your hands.
If you have your hand lifted up, I want to do one more thing.
I want to come to me right here in the
and come.
Come.
Come to Jesus.
I need this Jesus.
I'm giving myself to him.
I'm surrendering myself to him.
Come and join us.
Yes.
Come to Jesus.
From wherever you are, come.
There is still room.
Come to Jesus.
Come to him now.
Come.
Come and receive this Jesus from wherever you are.
Come to Jesus Jesus.
Come to him.
He loves you.
He cares for you.
He died for you.
And he rose up on the third day.
Come to Jesus today.
Come to him.
Come.
Yes, there is room for you.
You want to come to Jesus today?
Come.
Yes.
Thank you Jesus.
Now, bow your heads, everybody.
Let's pray.
Those of you in front, I want you to say this prayer after me.
And I want everybody in this hall to join us as we make this prayer.
Let's close our eyes.
Let's bow our heads.
and say it out meaningfully and loudly.
Say heavenly father.
Thank you for today.
Thank you for Jesus Christ who died on the cross and rose up on the third day.
I believe Jesus is alive.
Lord Jesus.
Say Lord Jesus.
Please come into my life.
Be the lord of my life.
Now say heavenly father, please forgive me of all my sins.
Please wash me with the blood of Jesus.
Please write my name in the book of life.
Say thank you father for accepting me.
and making me a child of yours.
Say, Heavenly Father, I am sorry for all my sins.
Thank you very much for Jesus Christ.
Thank you, Lord, for making me a child of yours.
In Jesus' name, amen.
Father, pray for all these
the frontier.
Thank you Lord.
Thank you for your help.
Thank you for your mercy.
Thank you for your great grace Lord.
Thank you for salvation today Lord.
Thank you for salvation.
Thank you Lord.
Thank you for saving them.
Thank you for helping them Lord.
Thank you for your mercy.
Thank you for your help Lord.
Thank you for your blessing Lord.
Bless Lord.
Bless everyone in the frontier Lord.
Let this be the best Christmas they've ever had Lord.
Let this be the most meaningful Christmas they've ever had, Lord.
Thank you for salvation.
Thank you for forgiveness of saints, Lord.
Thank you for the Holy Spirit.
That shall stay with them, to direct them and to teach them.
I thank you, Father.
In Jesus' name.
Amen.
God bless you.
Please receive these gifts very quickly.
You may go back to your seats.
God bless you.
No, no, no.
Come back.
Don't go too fast.
Come.
I don't know why you're going fast.
Why are you running?
No, what I want to tell you is that this is salvation corner where they are waving.
They are not used to waving.
Yes.
Where they are waving.
This is salvation corner.
It's called salvation corner.
at the close of the service, don't run like you were just running.
Please come back here and we'll talk to you for a few moments before you go back.
So all of you in front, as soon as we share the grace, we close the service, please come back here where they are waving.
Again, just come and sit here.
They won't be here.
So just be here, come and sit here.
And we'll talk to you briefly and then you will go back to your seats.
God bless you.
You may go back to your seats now.
Now you can run.
God bless you.
communion.
Do you have communion today?
Do you have communion on on a day like today?
Okay, the lord my god in the midst of the.
God blesses you this afternoon.
He's my God blesses you.
God blesses you.
take over your life entirely.
Surrender your life to him.
Give yourself to him.
Somebody needs to be saying to God now that take over my life.
Not just some aspects.
Take over everything.
Have everything Lord.
Have everything.
I'm holding nothing back from you.
I'm not keeping anything back.
Yes Lord.
Yes.
Thank you Jesus.
He will reign.
In the midst of us O God reign.
In the midst of our years.
In the midst of our lives.
Yes reign O God.
Jesus said this is my body and this is my blood I declare this is the body of Christ and this is the blood of Jesus in eating and receiving of it Lord we receive life even the life of Jesus Jesus takes over Jesus rules show yourself mighty
in the midst of us.
In the midst of our lives, our years, show yourself mighty.
Show yourself real.
Come and dwell in us.
Thank you for the blessing of the communion.
May that blessing be seen, be known, be experienced in our lives.
Lord, in this season, I cancel
I cancel backslidings.
I cancel sicknesses and diseases.
I cancel every reg and attempt of Satan to attack anybody here.
I cancel it in the name of Jesus, Lord.
Let there be peace.
Let there be joy.
Let there be happiness.
I announce to you wicked spirits.
I declare to you you failed.
Satan, you failed.
Amen.
In any life represented here, I announce to you, you failed in your lives.
God reigns in their lives.
Rules in their lives.
Preserves them.
Thank you for by the eating of the Lord's body and drinking of his blood.
Thank you for life.
Thank you for protection.
And thank you for a blessing in Jesus' name.
The body of Christ.
Eat it.
The blood of Jesus.
Drink all of it.
Father, thank you for victory.
Thank you for your blessing.
Thank you for your provisions.
Thank you for that great work on Calvary's Cross.
Thank you, Lord, for the effects in our lives today, Lord.
Jesus, take over.
Take over our lives.
Totally and completely.
Thank you, Father.
In Jesus' name, amen.
God bless you.
Your life is really blessed.
Give the Lord a mighty handclap.
And take your seats.
The Lord your God in the midst of thee.
He is mighty.
The mighty God.
Are you excited about the mighty
What about everlasting father?
Only six people are answering.
What about prince of peace?
What about the fact that the government shall be upon his shoulders?
Stability comes into your life.
Your life will not be tossed to and fro and all over like waves.
Stability.
May God bless you.
May God anoint you.
May God give you wisdom and understanding.
Wow.
What an amazing service that was.
Thank you Bishop Richard for that powerful word of God.
You can relive the first of experience by rewatching this video again on the First of Church UK Facebook page.
You can also download the First of Church UK podcast and listen to more life-changing messages preached by Bishop Richard Iey.
Next week church will be held again at 1.30pm, so be sure to come along or watch online.
Have a blessed week.
We hope that you've been blessed by this message.
For more information, follow us on social media.
Search for First Love Church London on Facebook and YouTube, and First Love UK on Twitter and Instagram.
Have a blessed week.